In the last lecture we made sure that we fetched the quotes that we have to state a source.
Now I want to work on the library template to actually output a list of the quotes I'll start titled
though.
All I want to change here is I want to set a few codes library to be a bit more descriptive of what
this page really does.
I am content with the padding directive is fine.
I want to have some spacing at the edges and then I'm going to Erda h free heading your way I say.
Select your favorite quote.
And actually we can add the text center directive here to center that text.
I think that looks nicer below that I'm going to add a new component and does d i n list component.
Now i n last second point we haven't seen yet.
And as you might guess is allows us to create lists.
Now here's an important thing.
It does not mean that you always have to use either list when outputting a list of items.
So you could think that I-List has to be used if you are using energy for on some element right that
you have to wrap this with iron list.
And this is not the case.
And list is simply a component.
You can use to style certain things nicer in a list like view.
Let's see that in the official documentation here.
If we go back from the API docs to the components docs and we have a look at lists you will be able
to see that there are loads of different ways of styling lists in ionic too.
And you can of course go through all of them to really find the list which fits your needs.
You can combine it with a lot of other components.
And we're going to see a couple of ways for this course.
Now the traditional use search is to use ion list with a Buckland's side of it.
This button will then have the entry for directive on it.
As you probably want to have multiple list items and you can simply handle the click on the button.
Important.
The button needs to have as I an item directive on it does this need it.
Because it is connection of having a wrapping iron list element and then the iron item element inside
of it will lead to this style you see on the right here which you might recognize from a mobile app
on your phone.
So what this gives you I and list gives you is structure of having several rows.
This nice separated between rows.
And since you use a button with an item you get this nice arrow on the right here.
This is all idlest in conjunction with button does.
As an alternative to a button with an item you can also use the iron list with an iron item inside of
it.
But I'll come back to this later.
So let's start with I'll list with a button inside of it because instead we want to have a list with
clickable elements you would use an item instead of button if you will want to have a non clickable.
Which of course also sometimes is the case you probably will have clickable list items more often though
as I just explained to you.
You need to place an item on the button to make it look nice and actually let them displayed how it
looks with out an item first that you see the friends and I want to repeat that but of course.
So I'll use as you for to loop through all the quote categories in my code collection here.
So I will simply say a lot and I'm going to name it code group.
You could also name it category whatever you want of quote collection.
So all this property just initialized with the data from the code start.
TS file.
And this will replicate the bottom inside of this button.
I want to start simple by simply saying quote let me save this to show you how this will look like we're
going to fine tune this in a second.
If we do it like this and we go to the library this looks relatively ugly because this is the non stop
button.
Notice that we don't use either button on it so it doesn't have this nice button look.
It's pretty actually and it's not across multiple rows.
Instead it sits directly next to each other.
So I and list alone does not create multiple rows and so on.
See how this changes once you add an item this directive to the button.
If I do that and now I save this and I go back to the library you see it looks much nicer out of the
box.
This now looks great.
We have separators in between and that split up over multiple lines.
How does this look if we remove iron list.
Let's also take a look at this.
If remove the iron list directive and have a look at it you see it still looks OK but it's indented
a bit differently.
And the list doesn't start with a separate above it.
So let's go back to idlest and placed a button inside of it again.
To really have to separate that space for our list and reloaded one more time.
And here we are back to it and now you see if you have to start in and separator on your list.
So this looks pretty decent of course clicking the buttons doesn't do anything but it already placed
this nice animation and shows just nice effect.
That's next.
Also filthies Aikins horridus these buttons with more life to have more than just quote here.
Remember we instead wanted to have the following.
We wanted to have a list with the Iken next to it.
Then the category has a heading and then there's a preview of how many quotes we have inside of that.
So let's work on days style of the individual list items.
Next